packages/salesforce: add dashboards (#10341)
elastic/integrations: packages/salesforce/_dev/build/docs/README.md

The Salesforce integration enables users to monitor their [Salesforce](https://www.salesforce.com/) instance effectively. Salesforce is a comprehensive customer relationship management (CRM) platform that supports businesses in managing marketing, sales, commerce, service, and IT teams from a unified platform accessible from anywhere.

> ### Key benefits of Salesforce Integration:

Reviewer: Minor suggestion to remove `:`

Reviewer 2: thanks! done.

- **Operational Insights**: Gain valuable insights into login and logout activities and other operational events within your organization.
- **Data Visualization**: Create detailed visualizations to monitor, measure, and analyze usage trends and key data, helping you derive actionable business insights.
- **Proactive Alerts**: Set up alerts to minimize Mean Time to Detection (MTTD) and Mean Time to Resolution (MTTR) by referencing relevant logs during troubleshooting.

## Data streams

> The Salesforce integration comes with the following data streams:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Salesforce integration provides the following data streams:
```

Reviewer 2: thanks! done.

3. For each event type you want to monitor (e.g., Login Event, Logout Event), click the dropdown arrow and select "Enable Storage".
4. Ensure you have the necessary permissions: "View Real-Time Event Monitoring Data" and "Use Real-Time Event Monitoring APIs".

> **Note**: Real-Time Event Monitoring may require additional licensing. Check with your Salesforce account representative if you're unsure about your subscription level.

## Setup

For step-by-step instructions on how to set up an integration, see the [Getting started](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/welcome-to-elastic/current/getting-started-observability.html) guide.

## Configuration

To configure the Salesforce integration, you will need the following information from your Salesforce instance:

### Salesforce Instance URL

The Salesforce Instance URL is the URL of your Salesforce Organization. It can be found in the address bar in Salesforce Classic or Salesforce Lightning.

> - **Salesforce Classic**: For an example URL `https://na9.salesforce.com/home/home.jsp`, the Salesforce Instance URL is `https://na9.salesforce.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Salesforce Classic**: Given the example URL `https://na9.salesforce.com/home/home.jsp`, the Salesforce Instance URL is extracted as `https://na9.salesforce.com`.
```
